 G.O.B.: Hey, come on, I just bought this new illusion called The Aztec Tomb. It cost, like, eighteen grand.
Michael: Come on, G.O.B. I don’t care.
G.O.B.: I’m gonna do it on the boat. Look, what do you care? Can’t you just charge the party to the company?
Michael: No, it’s not a business expense.
G.O.B.: So what? Lindsay’s been staying at the Four Seas for, like, a month. She’s probably charging the company.
Michael: Lindsay’s been in town for a month?
G.O.B.: I don’t think so.
Narrator: Michael was upset to hear this, so he went to discuss it with his mother.
Michael: Mom? Mother? Give me your company checkbook. You’re cut off.
Lucille: Michael, look. Look what happened to my fox. Someone cut off his little foot. Is it... is it noticeable?
Michael: Well... you’ve got to remember, you’re going to be all splattered in red paint. That’s gonna distract the eye. I don’t want you charging any more of your personal expenses to the company.
Lucille: Well, I had to pay for The Aztec Tomb. G.O.B. says it’s a career-maker.
Michael: Wait a minute—the company paid for The Aztec Tomb? That’s great. Well, I was talking about Lindsay, okay? You put her in a five-star hotel, on top of which, you didn’t even tell me that she was in town.
Lucille: If you’re saying I play favorites, you’re wrong. I love all my children equally. 
(Cutaway) (earlier that day...) Lucille: I don’t care for G.O.B.  
Buster: (gulp)
Lucille: Good grief, I dipped into the kitty a couple of times. You should be focused on tonight. Dad’s making a big announcement.
Michael: Yeah? I knew it. It’s about me, isn’t it?
Lucille: (winks)
Michael: I wonder how I can talk you out of ever making that face again
Tobias: Michael!
Michael: Tobias.
Tobias: How are you?
Michael: Uh-huh. (Chuckling) Good, good. How’s your, uh, job search coming?
Tobias: It’s good.
Michael: Yeah?
Tobias: It’s going to be good. It’s going to be good.
Tobias: I’m hoping the universe provides a path for me.
Narrator: Tobias recently lost his medical license for administering C.P.R. to a person who, as it turned out, was not having a heart attack.
Newspaper headline, “Sleeping Tourist has Sternum Broken / East Coast Man Hospitalized by Accidental ‘Rescue’”
Michael: Maybe you’ll be inspired by the boat party tonight and start a career as a pirate.
Tobias: I haven’t packed for that.  
Lindsay: Couldn’t find a thing.
Michael: Lindsay.
Lindsay: Michael!
Michael: How was your flight?
Lindsay: Great! Great! We just got in.
Lucille: He knows.
Lindsay: A month ago. Oh, I’m sorry, I’ve been meaning to call you, I really have.
Michael: Really?
Lindsay: It’s just... I've been... Well, I need to decompress. I've been very busy.
Tobias: It’s been crazy.
Lindsay: We just had an amazing fund-raiser for H.O.O.P.
Michael: H.O.O.P.?
Lindsay: My anti-circumcision movement.
(Flashback) Fundraiser. Sign reads “H.O.O.P. - Hands Off Our Penises”
Lindsay: I think it looks frightening when it’s cut off. It’s a Doberman. Let it have its ears. (End Flashback)
Michael: Hmmm.
Lindsay: Believe it or not, we brought in over $40,000.
Michael: Unbelievable. Sounds like you saved enough skin to make ten new boys.  
Tobias: Well, most of that money was from...
Lindsay (clears throat)
Tobias: ...the Bluth Company. I mean, how... are you?
Michael: Still good. You know what? You guys have had your hands in the company coffer for years, but starting tomorrow, there is going to be a new boss in town,
Dramatic Drums
Michael: and you’re all going to have to start fending for yourselves.
Dramatic Drums intensified
Michael: You’re all going to finally feel that sweet sting of sweat in your eyes as...
Michael: Buster, you can’t do that on the balcony, buddy?
Buster: (stops playing the drum)
Buster: Mom says it’s too windy.
Lucille: Who could’ve done this?
Narrator: While Michael was getting fed up with his family, George Michael was finally getting to know them.
Maeby: Um, yeah, I bought a frozen banana, and when I bit into it, I found this.
George Michael: It looks like a foot.
Maeby: It tasted like a foot. Which I didn’t really mind, but I’m pretty sure I said “no nuts.”
George Michael: Hey, you’re my cousin, aren’t you?
Maeby: Maeby.
Narrator: This is George Michael’s cousin Maeby.
Mae "Maeby" Fünke / Cousin"
Narrator: Maeby had always found unique ways to rebel.
(Cutaway) Fünkes Home 
Lindsay: Maeby, this is a cute tattoo for you.
Maeby Mom, I want to enter beauty pageants.(Cut back) 
Maeby: I can’t believe you didn’t recognize me.
George Michael: We never see you. We never see anybody in our family.
Maeby: I know, it’s our parents’ faults. We should teach them a lesson.
George Michael: (Laughing) Yeah... yeah... No, I-I don’t think so.
Maeby: I should go to my mom tonight and be, like, “I met the cutest guy,” and then she’ll see you and me totally making out.
George Michael: (Laughing) Yeah. (Continues laughing) But not really, right?
Maeby: It’s perfect! She’d freak out, and I’d be, like, “Mom, if we saw each other more often, this wouldn’t happen.”
George Michael: But we’re cousins.
Maeby: That’s what makes it funny.
George Michael: But isn’t it against the law?
Maeby: I don't think so.
George Michael: I know for certain that the yacht club would have a problem with it.
Maeby: Come on, George Michael.
Narrator: Tobias, now believing the boat party to be pirate-themed...
Tobias: Well, you look like a pirate!
Narrator: ...began searching through his wife’s luggage for an outfit.
Tobias: I should say so. Look at the blouse, sir.
Narrator:Then, mistaking a group of garishly dressed men for pirates, Tobias boarded a van full of homosexuals. Soon, he was unwittingly part of a protest against the local yacht club.
Tobias: How are you?
Lindsay: Oh, my God, I have the exact same blouse.
Lucille: I like it better on him.
Maeby: I don't understand why you work every weekend. Aren't you, like, my age?
George Michael: Well, it's important to be responsible. I think there aren't enough young people out there today who have a real work ethic.
Maeby: What do you mean?
George Michael: I don't know.
Narrator: And George Sr. finally made his retirement speech.
George, Sr.: I guess it's time for me to, uh, mosey on. And although I won't be saddling up and going in every day...
George, Sr.: there's someone else who's going to.
George, Sr.: I give you the new C.E.O. of the Bluth Company...
George, Sr.: certainly the smartest Bluth...
George, Sr.: my favorite Bluth...
George, Sr.: and the, uh... sexiest creature I have ever laid eyes on...
George, Sr.: my lovely wife Lucille.
Lucille (glees)
Lindsay: Mom! Mom, congratulations!
Music: / Love will keep us together /
George, Sr.: Sorry, it’s not the right time.
Music: / Some sweet-talking girl comes along, singing /
Lindsay: I’m not going to lie to you, Michael; this is great news for H.O.O.P.
Michael: Hey.
George Michael: You okay?
Michael: Yeah. You know what? I'm great. You and I, we’ve waited long enough. Time to move on. It's time to move on. Okay? I want you to say your good-byes. It's the start of a whole new life for us. All right?
George Michael: I guess we’re going to see you guys even less now.
Maeby: I told you we should have taught them a lesson.
Maeby: (kisses Georg Michael)
George, Sr.: I want a picture of the new C.E.O. with all her kids. Lindsay, I want you in this picture.
George, Sr.: Let’s see some smiles, people. It’s a party, not a shareholders’ meeting.
Rim shot
Siren wailing
G.O.B.: Are those police boats?
Rim shot
G.O.B.: No, I’m serious. I think they are police boats.
Police On Bullhorn: Prepare to be boarded. Prepare to be boarded.
George Michael: I knew it was against the law.
George, Sr.: That’s the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Buster: They have boats?
George, Sr.: Give me a cell phone.
Lucille: Lindsay, Buster, up to the bridge! Come on, Buster. Mighty good grief!
George, Sr.: Delores, listen to me.
Lucille: Out of my way!
George, Sr.: Empty the accounts.
Lucille: Out of my way, Celeste!
George, Sr.: Why are you crying? Why are you crying?
Lucille: Out of my way. Out, out, out. Lindsay, take the wheel. Buster, find us a channel to the ocean.
Buster: Gee, I don’t really have any of my mapping equipment with me.
Lindsay: You’ve had $80,000 worth of cartography lessons. Get us a channel to the ocean.
Buster: Okay, okay, okay.
George, Sr.: Can you hear me now?
Buster: Okay. Obviously this blue part here is the land... and that would mean...
Lindsay: Oh, Buster, Buster, it’s all right.
George, Sr.: Shredder. No, save it. Save it. Shredder.
Lucille: Please, don’t leave us now, Buster, please!
G.O.B.: Get in the tomb.
George, Sr.: Save it.
G.O.B.: The Aztec Tomb.
George, Sr.: Hold on. I don’t have time for your magic tricks.
G.O.B.:Illusions, Dad. You don’t have time for my illusions.  
George, Sr.: What is wrong with you? (Muffled) Why are you so angry?
G.O.B.: Look, just stay in the box. I’ll make you disappear.
Narrator: The Bluth family dominated the news that night.
John Beard: Southern California is the home of the high-speed freeway chase but tonight's flee from justice was on the sea and slow as molasses. Bluth Development Company president George Bluth was arrested tonight for defrauding investors, and using the company as his personal piggy bank. More intrigue on the high seas tonight, as dozens of local pirates were arrested for protesting the Yacht Club’s discriminatory policies.
Narrator: Even Michael’s brother G.O.B. made the news.
Trisha Thoon: It was Mr. Bluth’s son “Gawb,” a part-time magician, who hid his father here, in The Aztec Tomb. By pushing on this pivoting panel Mr. Bluth was able to hide in this airless chamber
G.O.B.: I have to think the Alliance is going to frown on this.
Trisha Thoon: Perhaps a good trick for a human, but the dogs found him almost instantly.
Man in Police station: Free at last, y’all.
Tobias: I’m all right, gang. I’m all right.
Lindsay: Thank God.
Tobias: Oh, what an adventure. Oh, my goodness. Buster... don’t do that. What an adventure, gang. I thought that the homosexuals were pirates. But it turns out that most of them were actors in the local theater. You’re right though, it is amazing. I’ve been waiting for the universe to provide a path for me and... and I think it has.
Lindsay: You’re gay.
Tobias:No. No. No, I’m not... I’m not gay. No. Lindsay, how many times must we have this... No. I want to be an actor.  
Michael: Okay, guys, um... they are going to keep Dad in prison at least until this gets all sorted out. Also, the attorney said that they’re going to have to put a halt on the company’s expense account.
All: shocked
Michael: Interesting. I would’ve expected that after “They’re keeping Dad in jail.” The first thing I need you guys to do is to cut up your company credit cards.
Buster: What about the miles?
Lindsay: You know, Michael, Dad did name Mom as his successor.
Lucille: And I’m putting Buster in charge.
G.O.B.: He’s a good choice.
Michael: Buster? The guy who thought that the blue on the map was land?
Lucille: He’s had business classes.
Buster:Wa-Wa-Wa-Wait. 18th-century agrarian business, but I guess it’s all the same principles. Let me ask you, are you at all concerned about an uprising?  
Michael: You wanna know what? That’s it. I’m done. I’m sick and tired of the greed and the selfishness and all the taking. Forget it. I’ve got a son to think about. And you know, Lindsay, by the way, I expected this from them because they’re completely oblivious, but you... you should know better.
G.O.B.: Think he's really mad at you.
Tobias Somebody is a rude Gus. That's all.
Narrator: In the days that followed, the Bluths' assets were officially frozen.
Lindsay: There's no more room in the suitcase.
Tobias: Glasses. Where are my glasses?
Lindsay: On your face
Narrator: Lindsay had no choice but to check her family out of the hotel earlier than planned.
Tobias: What are we doing with this? What is happening with this?
Narrator: And her husband started looking for work.
Cut: Stage
Tobias: My name is Dr. Tobias Fünke. I was chief resident of psychiatry at Mass General for two years, and I did my fellowship in psycholinguistics at MIT.
Tobias: And this is “I’m A Bad Bad Man” from Annie Get Your Gun.
Lively, off-key piano intro.
Tobias: (Hesitating) I... I... I... I’m...
Cut: Press on street interviews Lucille
Narrator: Lucille was finding it difficult to go about her daily life.
Lucille: The SEC is making him out to be some kind of mastermind, which believe me, he’s not. The man could barely work our shredder.
Cut: Sitwell Housing Inc.
Narrator: Michael was able to secure a job with a rival housing company almost immediately.
Enrique: Plus, there are perks. We'll set you up in Arizona in one of our finest estates.
Michael: Attic or main house?
Cut: Board Meeting
Narrator: And Buster was discovering his academic pursuits didn’t fully prepare him for his new responsibilities.
Executive: Have you looked at the latest figures on the Sudden Valley expansion, vis-a-vis the development versus the tax that it...
Buster: Amazing. You guys are so smart.
Executive: ...two percent per annum, but this is a non-recoupable...
Cut: one hour later...
Lucille: We need Michael.
G.O.B.: We need ice.
Buster: Michael... We need Michael.
Tobias: Perhaps... an intervention.
Cut: Livingroom
G.O.B.: So what we'd like to do here is just go around the room... and have everyone talk a little about Michael. Things we don't like about him or how he annoys us... or maybe just something he does that rubs us the wrong way.
Lucille: Jump right in.
Tobias: There's no right or wrong answer.
Lucille: I think that's a great idea.
Michael: Wait. Hold on one second. What exactly is this intervention for?
Lucille: We need you to come back and run the business.
Michael: Oh, okay. Well, then, so, technically it’s not really an intervention. It’s a little bit more of an imposition, if you think about it.
Lindsay: Oh, whatever you want to call it.
Michael:I’d love to call it an imposition.  
G.O.B.: We’re in trouble here, Michael. And I can’t perform my magic. I’m getting blackballed from even the smaller venues.
(Flashback): Child Birthday. Birthday Party Man: Well, it's come down to the two of you. I'll be honest. I’m just more comfortable with an Alliance-approved magician.
G.O.B.: Aw. Give ’em a hell of a show, champ.
Teen Magician: Fuck off, traitor. (End Flashback) 
Michael: I thought Buster had everything under control. I thought you'd been going to the office.
Buster: Yes, and I've enjoyed that. It was just I was constantly being called to the phone or I was asked a question or I was resuscitated. It was really hard to get a good work flow going.
Maeby: Can you believe this? They're still fighting.
George Michael: Yeah, I know. I'm tempted to kiss again so we could teach 'em a lesson.
Maeby: Why would that teach them a lesson?
George Michael: No, I mean, uh, to freak them out.
Maeby: That doesn't make any sense.
George Michael: Isn't that what makes it funny? I'm laughing. Go fish' u know Okay. I just need a drink.
Michael: Well, I’m sorry. It’s just too late. I’m moving to Phoenix. I got a job. Something you apply for, and then they pay you to, uh... never mind. I don’t want to ruin the surprise.
Michael: So no hard feelings? Adios, Sayonara. I’ll see you when the first parent dies.
Lucille: Well, I’d rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona.
Tobias: Touché. Touché.
G.O.B.: Too good.
Michael: George Michael, grab the coat.
Lindsay: I think Dad would really want you to help us out here, Michael.
Michael: Dad’s in jail.
Tobias: It's just terrible, terrible ...
Michael: Nice try, Tobias. Here we go.
Lindsay: Well, the least you could do is say good-bye to him.
Cut to Prison
Narrator: In fact, Michael had not spoken to his father since the arrest, and he decided to give his father the courtesy of a formal resignation.
Michael: I quit.
George, Sr.: Probably a good career move.  
Michael: You know, I parked in the same spot for the last five years. I was there on time every single day.
George, Sr.: Mike...
Michael: I was so loyal, I worked so hard. Why didn’t you just put me in charge?
George, Sr.: Michael, listen to me. These guys, the SEC, they’ve been after me for years. I put you in charge, you’re going to be wearing one of these orange jumpsuits, too.
Michael: I could’ve helped you if you’d told me.
George, Sr.: You’d be an accomplice. No, it had to be your mom. They cannot arrest a husband and wife for the same crime.
Michael: Yeah? I don’t think that that’s true, Dad.
George, Sr.: Really? I’ve got the worst fucking attorneys!  
Michael: What are you saying? That you did this for me?
George, Sr.: What have we always said comes before anything else?
George, Sr.: It's family first.
George, Sr.: You do right by your son. "Pardner."
Guard: Bluth, time!
Michael: You might want to dial down that cowboy act while you're in here.
George, Sr.: Don't think that didn't cross my mind.
Cut to model home
Narrator: With Michael leaving town, Lindsay decided to take inventory of the family’s last remaining asset: their model home.
Lindsay: What are you doing?
George Michael: I’m packing up. What are you doing?
Lindsay: Well, just looking for... you. To say good-bye to you.
George Michael: Going to miss you guys.
Lindsay: Oh, well, we’ll come out and see you in... Yeah, we’ll miss you, too.
George Michael: It’s been nice having you guys around. You know, to talk to. Since Mom died, it’s been kind of lonely. I just wish we could all stay here.
Michael: I... I need a hand with the van, please.
George Michael: Okay. (hugs Lindsay very long)
(Cutaway) Later. Michael: Sorry. Well, I guess he really misses his family.
Lindsay: Well, he doesn’t know us very well.
Michael: Yeah, clearly. Let me ask you a question. Where the hell have you been? Why didn’t you call me?
Lindsay: Look at my life, Michael. Tobias is out of work, we’re in debt. It’s...
Lindsay (tries to cry)
Michael: What are you doing? Are you trying to cry?
Lindsay: I’m sad. Life is hard right now. I’ve got the J.D.L. on my ass.
Michael: J.D.L.?
Lindsay: Jewish Defense League.
Michael: Oh, the circumcision thing? This is why I was against H.O.O.P. Why don’t you just mind your own business, Lindsay?
Lindsay: See? This is why I didn’t call you, Michael, because you’re so judgmental.
Michael: No, I’m not judgmental.
Lindsay: And you’re disappointed in me.
Michael: I’m not disappointed in you.
Lindsay: You are.
Michael: So I’m disappointed in you, but, come on, what is not disappointing about my life? Dad didn’t give me the promotion. Dad’s in jail. How disappointing is that?
Lindsay: So we’re a disappointing family.
Michael: We’re an incredibly disappointing family. But we are a family... and I want my son to be happy, so... maybe we should be in each other’s lives.
Lindsay: I’d like that.
Michael: Yeah?
Lindsay (tries to cry)
Michael: Seriously, you’re going to pull a muscle.
Lindsay: I used to be able to do this.
Narrator: So Michael decided to stay in California and try to save the family business. And for the first time ever, he gathered his family together in the model home.
Cut to model home
G.O.B.: Dad was always banker, so there was no beating him.
Lindsay: Totally.
George Michael: He should’ve been stocking up on those “Get Out of Jail Free” cards.
G.O.B.: Good one, George Michael!
Buster: Yes!
Michael: Very good.
Tobias: How are you?
George Michael: Wish you guys didn’t have to go so soon.
Michael: Oh, on that subject: these guys are actually going to be staying with us. For a while. Just your aunt. And her husband. Not G.O.B.
George Michael: Really?
Michael: Yeah. What the hell, huh? Family first, right? It is going to be a little crowded though, so I think you’re going to have to share a room with your cousin.
Music: What you tryin’ to say to me?
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development. George Michael gets a new roommate.
Cut to George Michaels room
Maeby: (Singing in shower) I did know what I do-o-o-n-e. I’m not that innocent.
Narrator: Many find work for the first time.
Cut to jewelery
Sales woman: This is the most expensive watch we have so only let the customers who are truly serious try it on.
Lindsay: It is a fun watch. I'll take it.
Cut to Sitwell Housing Inc.
Enrique: It was really your brother we were interested in. I mean, you don’t even have any references.
G.O.B.: Is that enough of a reference for you?
Enrique: Even a letter of recommendation, something like that.
Cut to jail
Narrator: And Michael finds it difficult to get his father out of jail.
Michael: You love it here?
George, Sr.: Oh, I’m having the time of my life. Hey, T-Bone.
John Beard: Another setback for the once prominent Bluth family as their frozen banana stand, a Newport Beach landmark, burns to the ground. A delicious whodunit... after this.
Narrator: A week before the fire, Michael Bluth was trying to save the Bluth Company, but his father was making it difficult.
Michael: I need the flight records, Dad. I’m trying to find some money for the family.
George: There’s always money in the banana stand.  
George: I am having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.  
George: You want some? Take a bite.
Michael: Please, please... The SEC has locked up our funds. These guys aren’t messing around.
Guard: No touching!  
Michael: So, I need you to tell me. Were you taking vacations in the jet? Is that what you’re hiding from me?
George: I haven’t had a vacation in years. This is my vacation. I’m exercising, I’m sleeping well.
Michael: You’re doing time.
George: I’m doing the time of my life.  
T-Bone: What’s up, pumpkin?
George: Hey! T-Bone. T-Bone’s my roommate.
George: (Sotto voce.) He’s a flamer.
George: T’s checking out today.
T-Bone: Yeah.
Michael: Well, guess every vacation’s got to come to an end.
George: Just made a fool of yourself in front of T-Bone.  
George: Anyway, I want you to give him a job at the company. Sales.
Michael: I’m not going to do that.
George: Why not?
Michael: Well, because...
George: Because he’s a flamer? Because I told you that in confidence.
Michael: You don’t seem to understand that I’m running this company now, Dad, and I need the flight records, and I’m going to get them with or without your help.
Guard: No touching!
George: I got something we can try, all right? It’s a little risky.
Michael: Please.
George: Open up.
Michael: What do you mean about...?
Narrator: While George Sr. was losing a roommate, George Michael was having a hard time adjusting to his new one.
Maeby: Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up!
George Michael: I’m up!
Tobias: Okay, we are just about ass-to-ankles back here, Maeby. Do you want to hop on your cousin’s lap there, please?  
Michael: Whoa, bumpy road ahead.
Maeby: (Singing in shower.) Got nothing on the love now...
Narrator: So, he addressed his problem head-on.
George Michael: Dad, I want to work more hours at the banana stand.
Michael: Wow. Well, that’s great. You know, I used to be just like you when I was a kid. I used to love it there.
(Flashback) George: It’s going to be our best summer ever, Mikey! (End Flashback)
Michael: Well, I’ll tell you what. I’m going to give you a promotion. Welcome aboard, Mr. Manager.
George Michael: Wow. I’m Mr. Manager.
Michael: Well, manager; we just say manager.  
Michael: And you can hire an employee if you need one.
George Michael: Do you think I need one?
Michael: Don’t look at me, Mr. Manager.
George Michael: Right, it’s up to me now. I’m Mr. Manager.
Michael: Manager. We-we just say, uh...
George Michael: I know, but you...
Michael: Doesn’t matter who.
Bag labeled, “Dead dove. Do not eat.”
Michael: I don’t know what I expected.
Michael: What’s going on? This is exactly where the two of you were when I left this morning. Is nobody going to even try to get a job?
Lindsay: I have a job, Michael. It’s called supporting my husband.
Michael: You certainly haven’t been shopping. The only thing I found in the freezer was a dead dove in a bag.
G.O.B.: You didn’t eat that, did you? ‘Cause I’ve only got a couple days left to return it. It died right in the middle of a show.
(Flashback) Clerk: Do you want a cage for that?
G.O.B.: No, I’m a magician.
Dove cooing. Thud, bell rings, then cooing stops.
G.O.B.: What is your return policy, by the way? (End Flashback) 
Lindsay: Not that I have to defend myself, but for your information, I did go shopping.
Michael: You spent $68 on hair conditioner?
Lindsay: Small price to pay for self-esteem, Michael. Or are you still jealous that you lost “best hair” to me in high school and got “dorkiest”?  
(Cutaway) Yearbook: Lindsay’s yearbook picture shows she won for “Best hair.” Michael’s yearbook picture shows he won for “Most likely to succeed.”
Narrator: Lindsay’s achievements in high school had always overshadowed Michael’s. (End Cutaway) 
Tobias: I agree with Michael; it’s important not to tie your self-esteem to how you look or what people think of you. I mean, look at me— I’m an actor. An actor, for crying out loud. You know how much rejection I face every day? But in this business of show, you have to have the heart of an angel and the hide... of an elephant.
Lindsay: But, you’ve never actually had an audition.
Tobias: Well... excuse me! Excuse me.
Michael: Some really great spousal support.
Michael: You know something, Lindsay, you might want to start thinking about the example you’re setting for your daughter, unless you want her to end up just like you.
Maeby: Yeah, shoot me when that happens.
Michael: Is there a carbon monoxide leak in this house?
Michael: George Michael, you’re taking your cousin to work today. That’s your new employee. I do not want my niece to end up just like everyone in this family.
Lindsay: You’re not telling my daughter what to do. She’s a child.
Maeby: No, I’m not. I can work.
George Michael: Uh, I-I don’t know about this. You know, it can get pretty hairy in there.
Lindsay: Fine. Do what you want. If I know my daughter, that stand won’t be there in a week.
Michael: You stay on top of her, buddy. Do not be afraid to ride her. Hard.  
Narrator: George Michael’s attempt to distance himself from his cousin proved... unsuccessful.
George Michael: I can’t tell you how many health codes you’re violating right now.
Maeby: I can’t believe I volunteered for this. This is my stupidest rebellion ever. Hey, you want to go play skee-ball?
George Michael: Well, this is the cash drawer. My dad’s going to come by at the end of the weekend, and the number of bananas has to match the amount of money in here.
Maeby: Oh, so it all has to even out?
George Michael: Exactly.
Maeby: Easy. Banana... Buck. Banana... Take a buck.
Narrator: And Michael went to his mother for the flight records his father wouldn’t give him.
Lucille: Then why don’t you marry an ice cream sandwich? I’ve got to go.  
Michael: Who was that? Was that Dad?
Lucille: That was G.O.B.
Michael: Uh-huh.
Michael: So, Mom, I’m trying to find...
Lucille: I don’t know where they are.
Michael: ...these flight records. You know, it’s really more believable if you let me finish.
Michael: Why am I the only one that seems to get how much trouble this family is in?
Lucille: Oh, I get it, Michael, I get it. But how should I know where the records are kept? Your father’s in charge of all that.
Michael: No, I’m in charge of all of that, and I think that you do know where they are.
Lucille: Oh, it’s probably all in a storage unit somewhere.
Michael: Where’s the storage unit?
Lucille: I don’t remember.
Michael: Try.
Lucille: Something-dale. I don’t know— Brookfeather, Raintree. It’s hot. It was very hot there. I’ve never been... get a warrant.
Michael: Don’t think I won’t. Mother, Mother, I care about this family.
Lucille: And I do too, my darling. That’s why I’m worried about G.O.B...
Lucille: I was on the phone with him this morning.
Michael: You mean just now, right? When I came in?
Lucille: Yes, just now, when you came in.
Lucille: And he’s upset, he’s very upset. You haven’t included him in the business at all. He’s your older brother. You could find a little job for him.
Lucille: Make him feel special.
Michael: But he’s not special, Mother.
Lucille: No. But he loves you. We all love you.
Michael: Where’s the storage unit?
Lucille: It’s with your warrant.
Luz: (Laughing)
Lucille: Luz, that coat cost more than your house! Oh, that’s how we joke. She doesn’t even have a house.  
Narrator: The next day, Tobias looked for work.
Tobias: Hmm— Actor Pull. Oh, look at all these parts!
Michael: Tobias. Nice to see you off the couch.
Tobias: I was looking for work, and... I blew it, Michael.
Rueful chuckle.
Michael: Yeah, I guess you’ve already seen that.
Tobias: Yes, I have, but... Oh, right, this one. Yeah, I... I’ll call them again, I guess. I give them... one more shot.
Narrator: And that’s when Michael figured out how to get his mother to lead him to the storage unit where the flight records were kept.
Phone ringing.
Lucille: Hello?
Michael: Yeah, hey, Mom, it’s Michael. Listen, before I forget, I talked to the IRS, and they want to come by your apartment today to see if you charged any big ticket stuff to the company. Furs, or... I don’t know. Just a heads up. Oh, that poor woman.
Narrator: So, Michael followed Luz who had been sent to hide the evidence. Meanwhile, Tobias had arranged an audition for a local commercial. Lindsay came along to appear supportive.
Tobias: This could take awhile.
Lindsay: Honey, it’s one line.
Tobias: Not if I do my job right.
Tobias: First of all, I love it. Quick question, though. Am I panicked about the fire, or am I being brave for everyone else?
Roger Danish: The fire? It’s, it’s a fire sale.  
Tobias: (Chuckling.) Oh... Okay. I didn’t, um... Well, let’s give it a shot.
Deep breath.
Tobias: Oh, my God, we’re having a fire. Sale. Oh, the burning! It burns me! Evacuate all the schoolchildren! (Screaming. Singing “Amazing Grace.”) This isn’t a fever! (Continues singing.) Can’t even see where the knob is! (Dramatic sigh.) And scene.  
Roger Danish: Um... would you like to try that a little simpler... maybe?
Tobias: No.
Roger Danish: Okay, anybody else? Anyone? Lindsay Bluth?
Tobias: It’s Fünke.
Lindsay: Roger Danish.
Roger Danish: Look at you. I can’t believe it’s Lindsay Bluth.
Lindsay: Oh...!
Tobias: Fünke.
Lindsay: Roger was my male counterpart in high school. Remember how crazy our hair was back then?
Laughing.
Roger Danish: What were we thinking?
Lindsay: So, what are you doing now?
Tobias: He’s, uh, casting my commercial.
Roger Danish: Yeah, trying to. The South Coast Boutique is having a fire sale.
Lindsay: South Coast Boutique? They’re having a fire sale?!
Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael was still following his mother’s housekeeper. And she did finally lead him to the storage unit. Unfortunately, it was on fire.
Fireman: Somebody wanted this place to go.
Michael: Yeah? What do you mean, arson?
Fireman: Oh, definitely the work of a flamer.
Lindsay: It shoots tomorrow, and are you ready for this? It pays 1,000 bucks!
Michael: I thought that was Tobias’ part.
Tobias: Yeah, no, no, I did not book this one. I, uh... think I made the fire too real, uh, for them, and, uh, and probably failed to highlight the sale, so, good for her, and, uh... will you excuse me, please?  
Laughing/crying.
Michael: Well, listen, that’s great, Lindsay. But, I’ve got my own problems. The flight records, they’ve burned up, okay? That’s fine. That’s over with. But I think Dad is behind it. I think Dad is trying to run the business from prison.
Lindsay: Well, isn’t that ironic? I’m making a fortune at my new job, and you don’t even have the job you thought you did.
Michael: But, but you don’t have a job. You’ve got a job offer. Anybody can get a job offer.
Tobias crying in shower.
Michael: So, I’m going to go see Dad, because this is my business to run now.
G.O.B.: Your business?
Michael: Hey, there you are, G.O.B.! I have been looking all over for you. I could really use some help.
G.O.B.: Well, I was going to return this dove. What? You want me to run a meeting for you or something?
Michael: Or, even better, could you mail this letter for me?
G.O.B.: You can’t just give that to a mailman?
Michael: I can’t trust a mailman with this. This is important.
Narrator: G.O.B. was intrigued. He also suspected he couldn’t return a completely frozen dove to a pet store and get the full refund he felt he was entitled to.  
G.O.B.: I’ll mail that letter.
Narrator: Michael then went to confront his father.
Michael: You’re not going to keep running this company from in here, okay? That’s why you wanted me to give T-Bone a job, to pay him back for burning down the storage unit?
George: Michael, that’s ridiculous.
Michael: Yeah, well, I’m not hiring him. No, we don’t have the money, Pop.
George: There’s always money in the banana stand.
Michael: The banana stand... you know, that’s exactly what this feels like. Huh? Like I’m still stuck in that hot booth all summer with you pulling the strings.
George: What was I going to do? Put a kid in charge of a frozen banana stand?
Michael: Sure, that’s what I did. I just made my son the manager.
George: George Michael is running the frozen banana stand now?
Michael: Yeah, that’s right, yeah. You sit with that, you think about that for a while.
Narrator: George, Sr. did think about that.
Maeby: Well, now that we’ve got an employee, we can go have dinner. We throw away a banana for every buck we take so no one finds out.
T-Bone: Wait a minute, I think you should do that math again.
George Michael: Why? Is it wrong?
Maeby: It’s fine. He’s an arsonist, not an embezzler.
Cell phone ringing.
Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael got urgent call from his mother.
Lucille: G.O.B. is unhappy.
Michael: Again? I tried to include him, I gave him a job.
Lucille: You gave him a letter to mail.
Michael: And don’t tell me that was too much for him?
Lucille: No, Michael, he mailed the letter. That’s not the point.
(Flashback) Narrator: G.O.B. had not mailed the letter, but in an act of defiance, dramatically hurled the letter into the sea. This proved a more difficult dramatic gesture than he’d anticipated.(End Flashback) 
Michael: So what do you want me to do about it?
Lucille: Don’t take that tone. He’s my son. I want you to make him stop calling me.
Lindsay: Am I the only one who works in this family?
Tobias: Yes, that’s my gal. Who would have imagined? Two actors in one family. We’re like the Lunts!
Tobias: Excuse me...
Narrator: And so, Lindsay and Maeby separately went to the same restaurant to celebrate the jobs they hadn’t actually performed, with money they hadn’t actually earned.
Lindsay: Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough.  
Lucille: Not as much as you enjoyed yours. You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.  
Lindsay: Okay, this is what I told Tobias you’d do. Say what you will about him, at least he’s happy for me.
Tobias sobbing in tub wearing cutoffs.
George Michael: You know, I think we might be doubling our losses here. Because, I mean, for every dollar you take, you’re actually taking two dollars because we paid for the bananas.
Maeby: (Laughs.) Oh, my God, you’re right.
George Michael: I am? Oh, God! I’ve screwed this up!
George Michael: Okay, we gotta go. Oh, my God! It’s your mom and Gangee!
Maeby: What are they doing here?
George Michael: They’re grown-ups, they’re allowed to have fun whenever they want! We’re kids, we’re supposed to be working!  
George Michael: Oh, great. Now they’re going to tell my dad and he’s going to come check the totals and know we took the money. Oh, God, this is bad.
Maeby: Look...
George Michael: What are we going to do?
Maeby: Pop-Pop. He’s a business man. What would he do?
Waiter #1: Bananas Foster.
Lucille: You might want to let that fire go out before you stick your face in it.
Lindsay: Ah, that’s funny. Because I was going to say, you might want to lean away from that fire since you’re soaked in alcohol.
Lucille: Mine was better.  
T-Bone: Welcome to Bluth Bananas, where bananas are our business. May I interest you in a banana this day?
Michael: T-Bone, what are you doing here?
T-Bone: Oh, your dad gave me this job.
Narrator: Michael realized that his father had even taken control of the banana stand. But he still had some unanswered questions, so he did a little detective work.
Michael: You burn down the storage unit?
T-Bone: Oh, most definitely.  
G.O.B.: Michael. Having a nice day at the beach, while the rest of us are busting our asses to deliver your mail?
Michael: What do you want me to say, okay? You go and you complained to Mom, and I tried to include you.
G.O.B.: Include me?
Michael: Yeah.
G.O.B.: I should be in charge. I’m the older brother.
Michael: Do you even want to be in charge?
G.O.B.: No... but I’d like to be asked!
G.O.B.: You know, it’s just like when we were kids and you were the only one he let work in the banana stand.
Michael: Well, I got news for you, G.O.B. Dad still doesn’t trust me to this day. Treats me like a low-level employee.
G.O.B.: It’s better than being treated like a goofball. The joker... the magician.
Michael: I thought you were going to do like a trick there, like a fireball or something.
G.O.B.: I was, it didn’t go off. These things never when you want ‘em to.
Cell phone rings.
G.O.B.: My least consistent trick.
Michael: Hold on one sec. Hello?
Maeby: Hey, Uncle Michael, it’s me, Maeby.
Michael: Hey, Maeby, where is George Michael?
Maeby: At the banana stand. He’s about to do something really irresponsible.
Michael: You think it’s irresponsible? I’ll be right there.
T-Bone: I’m going to get blamed for this.
Michael: George Michael?
George Michael: Dad.
Michael: Hey, what are you doing?
George Michael: I was just, uh... I was burning down the banana stand.
Michael: What?
George Michael: I’m sorry, dad, I screwed it all up. I’ve no right to call myself Mr. Manager.
Michael: Manager.
George Michael: Manager. I’m sorry, dad...
Michael: Oh, George Michael.
George Michael: I am, I mean, but listen, I’ll make it up to you. I mean, I’ll work weeknights. I’ll lay people off. I’ll give up my summer, all my summers. Just, just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.  
Narrator: Michael realized he had done to his son what his father had done to him. So he came up with a solution.
Michael: Burn it down.
George Michael: What?
Michael: Let’s burn this son of a bitch. It’s going to be our best summer ever, buddy.
Narrator: And so Michael, his son and his brother, together enjoyed the cathartic burning of the banana stand.
Michael: You mailed that insurance check, right, G.O.B.?
Narrator: The next morning, Lindsay woke up late in the day, hung over from celebrating her one day of employment, which it turns out, she had slept through.
Answering machine beep.
Roger Danish: ..all right, Lindsay, forget it. We’ll get someone else.
Narrator: Tobias was next on the call list, but unfortunately, couldn’t hear the phone over the sound of the shower.
Phone ringing.
Narrator: He did, however, use Lindsay’s conditioner and was surprised to find that it did help his self-esteem.
Lindsay: You look nice.
Tobias: What?
Lindsay: You look very handsome today.
Tobias: Thank you, Lindsay.
Narrator: And Michael finally got to show his father who’s boss.
George: You what?
Michael: Burned it right down to the ground.
George: Are you crazy? There was money in that banana stand.
Michael: Well, it’s all gone now, Dad, and it was my decision. So next time you want to have a little power struggle, just remember that you’re playing with fire.
George: There was $250,000 lining the walls of the banana stand.
Michael: What?
George: Cash, Michael!
Michael: Why didn’t you tell me that?
George: How much clearer can I say, “There’s always money in the banana stand!”
Guard: No touching!
George: No touching!
Guard: No touching!
George: No touching!
Guard: No touching!
George: No touching!  
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, G.O.B. protests the pet stores frozen-dove exchange policy...
G.O.B.: Return from whence you came!  
Narrator: ... and Michael, realizing the banana stand is the only profitable part of the Bluth Empire, decides to rebuild.
G.O.B.: Couldn’t have called me? I can’t swing a hammer? I got a rabbit to buy.
Narrator: Now the story of the family who lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. It’s Arrested Development.
Narrator: It was Sunday morning, and Michael was making cornballs, a Bluth family favorite since George Sr. unsuccessfully tried to market the device in the mid-’70s.
(Cutaway) George, Sr.: Time to pull out the basket, and we dig into some hot... Son of a bitch!
Richard Simmons: Oh! Look what you did! You plopped it!
George, Sr.: I’ll plop you, you mincing little...  (End Cutaway) 
Narrator: It was a ritual Michael shared with his son before their weekly bike ride to Balboa Island.
Michael: Today’s the big... Careful, don’t touch that. Never touch that. I’m really looking forward to our ride today. We better go extra hard to work off these cornballs.  
Lindsay: Or you could not eat the cornballs and let your kid lead his own life.
Michael: Please. He loves this. Am I right?
George Michael: Actually, uh... I can’t really go today.
Michael: How’s that?
George Michael: My-my bike needs a tune-up or something.
Michael: Let’s not blame the bike. Okay? It’s a poor carpenter that blames his shoddy tools for the... Ow! (bleep) Oh! Stupid...
George Michael: You okay?
Michael: ... cornballing piece of (bleep).  
George Michael: So, I’m going to go, okay?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, that’s fine. It’s good, it’s okay.
Lindsay: Getting too old for his daddy?
Michael: No. He’ll be fine. And I would buy him a faster bike if we weren’t trying to save every... Did you go shopping?
Lindsay: Oh, yeah, don’t worry about it. I paid for it myself.
Michael: With what?
Lindsay: Company credit card.
Michael: You’re returning that.
Lindsay: But...
Michael: Get a job.
G.O.B.: Michael. Hey, the Cornballer. I thought these were only legal in Mexico.
(Cutaway) Narrator: In fact, the Cornballer wasn’t legal anywhere, but George Sr. continued to market it there successfully.
Dubbed voice: ¡Muy delicioso!
Richard Simmons: ¡Es verdad!
Dubbed voice: ¡Soy loco por los Cornballs! (End Cutaway)
Michael: Where’d you come from?
G.O.B.: I had another big fight with Marta.
Narrator: G.O.B. had been having an on-again, off-again relationship with Marta, a Spanish-language soap opera star.
G.O.B.: It looks like I’m going to be staying here for a while.
Michael: No, it doesn’t. It doesn’t look like that. I’ve got a full house here, G.O.B.
Lindsay: He’s just in a bad mood, G.O.B., because his son feels suffocated by him.
Michael: Suffocated? Really?
Lindsay: Yes, Michael, he’s a teenager. He’s probably got a little girlfriend, and... well, let’s face it, you are overbearing.
Michael: Oh, maybe I should be a little bit more like you when it comes to parenting, huh? No borders, no limits, “Go ahead, touch the Cornballer, you know best.”
Tobias: Michael, if I could, uh, stick my pretty little nose in here for one second. When I was a psychiatrist— and this is before I became an actor...
Lindsay: You’re still not an actor.
Tobias: (Chuckles.) Lovely. ...I saw a lot of this type of behavior, and I think what you’re experiencing is your son’s very normal need to distance himself from his overbearing father. Am I touching something? (Gasps.) Hot. Hot, hot. Hot.
Michael: Be careful.
Tobias: (Quietly.) Hot, hot, hot...
Michael: You all right?
Tobias: Hi-yat. Now, take my daughter, for example. She lives her life, and... I get the pleasure of guessing what that might entail. Now... watch this— Maeby! Where are you off to on this glorious Sunday afternoon? She won’t tell me.
Maeby: I’m going to audition for a play.
Tobias: Well, that time it didn’t work.
Tobias: What-what play?
Maeby: It’s for high school. You can’t audition.
Tobias: I was totally wrong. She’s reaching out to her actor daddy.
Tobias: Does anyone have an ice pack?
Narrator: In truth, Maeby was reaching out to a boy named Steve Holt, who was auditioning for the lead in the school play.
Steve Holt: I would kiss before I spoke...
Narrator: Maeby decided to audition as well, looking for a chance to get closer to Steve.
Maeby: ...occasion to kiss... And then we actually get to kiss, right?
Narrator: George Michael also chose to audition, looking for a chance to get closer to his cousin Maeby.
George Michael: I would kiss before I spoke... And then there’s a kiss, right?
Voices: Louder!
George Michael: (Loudly.) And then there’s a kiss, right?  
Narrator: And later, the cast list was posted.
Steve Holt: Steve Holt!  
Maeby: Steve Holt!
George Michael: Stand-in for... Steve Holt?
Steve Holt: Steve Holt!
Narrator: Michael went to get his son a new bike to keep him from slipping away, while Michael’s mother was giving up hope that her son Buster would ever leave her side.
Lucille: Zip me up.
Narrator: Usually at this time of year, Buster would return to his postgraduate studies but without the resources to afford it his summer vacation was extending into the fall and Lucille was beginning to resent it.
Buster: Mom! Mom!
Phone rings
Lucille: What?
Lindsay: Hi, Mama. It’s Linds.
Lucille: It’ll fly out on its own! Why are you calling me? What do you need?
Lindsay: Oh, very nice, Mom. I don’t need anything. My daughter needs some new school clothes.
Lucille: Buster!
Buster: It’s a bird!
Lucille: I know it’s a bird. I’m on the phone!
Buster: It walked on my pillow!  
Lucille: Look, I have a child that costs me money, too, you know. Why can’t you get a job?
Lindsay: What is it with this family and working? Michael just gave me the exact same lecture in front of everybody.
Lucille: Everybody?
Lucille: Who-who’s ev... Who’s everybody?
Lindsay: You know, the kids, G.O.B., Tobias— everybody.
Lucille: He didn’t invite Buster. Buster’s his brother, too. What’s wrong with Buster?
Narrator: And even as she asked the question, Lucille realized that perhaps it was time to let her own baby bird fly away.
Michael: Why do I have to take him?
Lucille: Because he’s your brother, and you run around with everyone else, going on bike rides, making cornholes. Everyone’s laughing and riding and cornholing except Buster. And I know he’s not the sharpest knife in the drawer, but he’s sensitive, Michael, and you could pretend to be interested in him.  
Michael: Fine, he can hang out, but he’s going to work, okay? This is not going to be a day at the beach.
Buster: Th-That’s cool, that’s cool. Mom-Mom packed me a change of clothes.
Narrator: So, Buster stayed, and Michael made him build the new bike.
Michael: It’s in that big box in my office.
G.O.B.: Hey. Michael.
Michael: G.O.B., what are you doing here, and why are you in a bathrobe?
G.O.B.: What’s he doing here? Why is he in his bathing suit?
Buster: Mom dropped me off to spend time with Michael.
G.O.B.: Spend time with Michael or to serve her own menopausal needs?
Michael: She’s always got to wedge herself in the middle of us so that she can control everything.
Buster: (Chuckles.) Yeah. Mom’s awesome. Maybe we should call her.  
Michael: So, why are you in your robe?
G.O.B.: I camped out in the boardroom last night. What with you kicking me out of your house, there are few places left that you have that I can stay.
Michael: Mm. Well, you can’t stay here, either.
G.O.B.: Let me ask you something. Is this a business decision, or is it personal? ’Cause if it’s business, I’ll go away happily. But if it’s personal, I’ll go away, but I won’t be happy.
Michael: It’s personal.
Buster: I am so sorry.
Narrator: Michael’s son, meanwhile, was waiting with his cousin for their first rehearsal.
Maeby: I’m surprised you tried out for this.
George Michael: Yeah, I just love the theater.
Maeby: That’s great. I’m just doing it to kiss Steve Holt.
George Michael: I actually think I’m going to quit. Yeah, theater’s dead.
Maeby: But... he’s always going to be at football practice, so I’m going to have to kiss the stand-in.
George Michael: But no... no. I love the theater, and I gave my word, so I’m back in.
Narrator: Tobias, meanwhile, stopped by the school.
Tobias: (Whispers.) I know why you’re doing this.
Maeby: Dad! What are you doing here? Go away.
Tobias: Yes, because the director might be here soon, right? Oops, too late. He’s already here. Hello, everyone, and welcome to the theater. I am Dr. Tobias Fünke, and I will be your new... director.  
Maeby: Oh... my God.
(Flashback) Narrator: Tobias had gotten the directing job by meeting with the school principal.
Tobias: And you tell me you’ve got some P.E. teacher directing? That just makes me want to puke all over your head, sir. Give me a chance to tell the Bard’s tale, and I give you my word on humble knee, whence you shall not say it wasn’t e’er to be.
Administrator: Jerry, you cool with this?
Coach Jerry: Sure, let the little fruit do it.
Tobias: Huzzah! (End Flashback) 
Narrator: As the days went by, Buster’s apprenticeship was proving more trying than Michael had anticipated.
Michael: We’re excited. We want your business.
Buster yawns
Michael: And, uh, everybody at the Bluth Company is committed...
Buster: Here I go again.
Buster yawns again.
Narrator: And just when he could take no more...
Michael: ...and we’re back on track, and we’re focused, and... Buster! You can’t do that in the snack room, pal?
Buster: Mom told me to stay away from microwaves.  
Buster: And besides, this is going to be the most bitchin’ly fast bike in all of Orange County.
Michael: Really?
Buster: Your son is gonna love it.
Michael: Well, I guess 3:40 is as good a time as any to call it a day.
Narrator: So, Michael left for the high school, hoping to reconnect with his son, while Tobias’ attempts to reconnect with his daughter hit a snag.
George Michael: I will stop your mouth.
Tobias: Stop! Stop it! It’s all wrong.
George Michael: But we were just about to do the kiss.
Tobias: Kiss— I know. It doesn’t work.
Tobias: Look, you are playing adults... Pick that up. Pick that up, please. ...with fully formed libidos, not two young men playing grab-ass in the shower. Would you hold the work, please?! Oh, Michael.  
George Michael: Dad, what...?
Michael: So, you’re in a play, huh?
Maeby: I’m not. I quit.
Tobias: Maeby...
Michael: Why didn’t you tell me?
George Michael: Well, it’s not really important. I’m just a stand-in.
Michael: And you’re ashamed. Well, this should cheer you up. Hm? I left work early. I thought maybe we’d go for a ride today.
George Michael: Wha...? No, I can’t go on a bike ride right now.
Michael: Why because of the play? You’re just the stand-in.
George Michael: No, no, it’s not the play, it’s just... you know, I can’t go on a million bike rides whenever you want me to, you know?
Michael: Wait a minute, wait a minute, hey. Is it... is it about a girl?
George Michael: No, it’s not... No, just drop it, Dad.
Michael: Was Lindsay is right? Am I really suffocating him?
Tobias: Well, they’re different people every day, teenagers— hormones all ablaze. Except, of course, when they’re on stage when I need it.
Michael: No. He said it wasn’t about a girl.
Michael: Maybe he really is pulling away.
Tobias: Not a girl? Ah... of course. Methinks a Cupid I shall play.  
Narrator: Tobias came up with a new plan for the play, and a way to connect to George Michael.
Tobias: I know why you’re in the play.
George Michael: What?
Tobias: Watch this. Okay, everybody. Well, we’ve lost a leading lady, but did you know that in Shakespeare’s day, that the women’s roles were played by men? Fancy that! George Michael, you know Steven’s lines, yes?
George Michael: Sort of.
Tobias: Fine, then you are my Benedict.
Tobias: And Steven Holt... Where is Steven Holt?
Steve Holt: Steve Holt!
Tobias: Yes. Get ready for the acting challenge of your sweet young life, fair lady, for you are my Beatrice!
Steve Holt: Beatrice!
Tobias: Let’s take it from, “Peace, I will stop thy mouth.” And now we’ll see if some sparks fly.
Narrator: As George Michael contemplated kissing his rival, Michael sought his father’s advice.
George, Sr.: Well, you think you never hurt me?
Michael: What are you talking about? When have I ever rebelled?
George, Sr.: I never see you anymore, Michael.
Michael: You’re in prison. And I was here yesterday.
George, Sr.: Oh, yeah, that’s... that’s... I’m sorry. I couldn’t break away from the poker game. Capital-G was down to his boxers.
Michael: Strip poker?
George, Sr.: Yeah, and it’s tough. We can really only play about... two hands.  
George, Sr.: Listen... Let him go. Let your son go.
Michael: I can’t do that, Dad. He needs me.
George, Sr.: Michael, you don’t want to make the same mistake your mom made with Buster.
Michael: Yeah, boy. What happened there?
George, Sr.: I really don’t know. Maybe it was the eleven months he spent in the womb. The doctor said there were claw marks on the walls of her uterus. But he was her “miracle baby.” And I-I was just too burnt out on raising you guys to care. So... he turned out a little soft, you know, a little doughy. I don’t know, maybe it was my fault. Maybe, uh, maybe I just ignored the guy.  
Buster: Wow. We’re just blowing through nap time, aren’t we?  
Michael: Yeah, I got to let my son go.
Narrator: Lindsay, meanwhile, still had the dress. And she was starting to get some positive reactions to it.
Lindsay: Look at you! I am!
Narrator: So, she decided to hide it in the attic crawl space. And Lucille was finding her hard-won privacy short lived.
Piano banging intro to “Cold as Ice.”
G.O.B.: [singing] You’re as cold as ice / Willing to sacrifice
G.O.B.: Are you crazy? I’m a magician. I make my living with my hands. And if I’m going to be staying here...
Lucille: Staying here? What, did that Mexican throw you out?
G.O.B.: She’s not “that Mexican,” Mom. She’s my Mexican. And she’s Colombian or something. Anyway, it’s over.
Lucille: You’ve got three days.
G.O.B.: Hey... if I can’t find a horny immigrant by then, I don’t deserve to stay here.  
Narrator: Back at the model home, Michael was adjusting to the absence of his son by enjoying the company of his brother.
Michael: You know, I’m in pretty good shape. You could be eating my dust all day, slow poke.
Narrator: And Buster was starting to give as good as he got.
Buster: And you might be [bleep] and it’s going to [bleep].
Michael: Well, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.  
Michael: Hey, Tobias. How’s my son doing?
Tobias: Oh, well, he didn’t want to rehearse today. But I-I do think I have a handle on what he’s going through. I wish I could say the same for Steve Holt, though. I don’t know what the hell her problem is.
Michael: “Her”?
Tobias: Oh, uh, I’m sorry. I say that because I switched the parts. But, it’s still... off. Perhaps if she dressed as a woman.
Michael: “She”?
Tobias: Oh, for the love of God. She’s playing a woman.
G.O.B.: Look who’s back.
Lindsay: I’m exhausted.
Michael: Neiman’s again, huh?
Lindsay: Actually, I’ve been going to the thrift store but I’m going to find a way to keep that dress, Michael.
G.O.B.: Things didn’t work out with Mom. It was utterly macabre.  
(Flashback) Lucille: Zip me up. (End Flashback) 
G.O.B.: She always makes everything about her.
Lindsay: Oh, she’s the last person you ever want to need something from.
Michael: She likes to be needed, just as long as it doesn’t cost her anything.
Buster: It’s like she gets off on being withholding.
Michael: Whoa. Buster.
G.O.B.: Look who’s got something to say.
Buster: “I’m Mom and I want to shoot down everything you say so I feel good about myself.”
G.O.B.: Look who’s ragging on the old lady.
Michael: Hey, hey.
G.O.B.: That’s fine.
Lindsay: Finally.
Buster: “’Cause I’m an uptight... [bleep]... Buster... [bleep]... you old horny slut!”
Michael: Well, no one’s going to top that.  
Narrator: And Tobias had found the perfect wardrobe for his leading man— the red dress he discovered in the attic crawl space. Assuming Michael had found and returned it, Lindsey called her mother hoping to get money for a new one.
Lucille: What?
Lindsay: Hi, Mama, it’s Linds.
Lucille: Get a job.
Lindsay: Look, just hear me out. It’s Maeby’s dress. It was stolen from her locker. They beat her up, and, uh, and took all her clothes.
Lucille: Send her over, I’ll take her shopping.
Lindsay: Buster was right. You get off on being withholding, don’t you?
Lucille: Buster said that?
Lindsay: That’s right.
Lucille: My Buster?
Lindsay: Not anymore, apparently.
Narrator: While Lucille was missing her youngest son, Michael was finally enjoying his company.
Michael: Zip me up?
Narrator: And while Buster did build a faster bike, he neglected to build the brakes.
Buster: I’m flying!
Michael: Buster?
Narrator: And George Michael had news for Maeby.
George Michael: So, I quit the play. I don’t really like plays. Also, I think your dad thinks I’m gay.
Maeby: Oh, he thinks everyone’s gay.  
George Michael: So, uh, do you want to get a soda?
Maeby: I can’t. I’m actually back in the play. We’re in the middle of dress rehearsal right now.
George Michael: But I thought Steve had your part.
(Flashback) Narrator: Steve did still have Maeby’s part, and Tobias had given Maeby a new part.
Maeby: So you want me to play the man?
Tobias: Yes. Don’t you see? I-I cast the parts all wrong. It was Daddy’s fault.
Maeby: And I still get to kiss Steve, right? (End Flashback) 
Maeby: It’s going to be a huge disaster. I’ll get you tickets.
Narrator: And Michael tried to salvage what was left of the day with what was left of his brother.
Buster: I’m a little shaky, but... but we’re here to work.
Lucille: Michael.
Michael: Mom, what are you doing here?
Lucille: Oh, hello, Buster. Here’s a candy bar. No, I’m withholding it. Look at me, “getting off.”  
Lucille: How dare you turn Buster against me?
Michael: What are you talking about?
Lucille: I know what you’ve all been saying. But I’m not going to let you destroy my relationship with my son just because you don’t have one with yours right now.
Michael: Wait a minute. Me and my son are fine, and that is not what this is. Buster is a grown man. He can make his own decisions. Why don’t you ask Buster what he wants?
Buster: Michael. I want to go with Mom.
Michael: You said that she shoots you down.
Buster: I was just trying to fit in.
Michael: You were flying today, buddy.
Buster: Yes, I was flying. But a little too close to the sun.
Lucille: You let him go in the sun?  
Lucille: Get in the back seat. I’ll be right out.
Buster: Front seat, Mom. I sit in the front seat now. Mmm?
Lucille: Let me tell you something, Michael. You have to fight for your family. If you were smart, you’d grab your son before he slips any further away.
Michael: Well, I disagree, Mom. I’m not going to control George Michael, I’m going to let him decide for himself what’s best.
Lucille: Mm-hmm. Well, you better hope that little bird decides to fly back into your house, because they usually don’t.
Employee: So, uh, can we go now?
Michael: Yeah.
Narrator: And George Michael watched as Maeby shared the kiss that should have been his with the boy he almost had to kiss. But, to Maeby’s surprise, she did not enjoy kissing Steve Holt.
Maeby: You smell like my mom.
Narrator: And Michael returned to the model home to find his son in the kitchen.
George Michael: Hey, Dad.
Michael: You’re home.
George Michael: Yeah, I was waiting for you. I thought we could make some of these.
Michael: Sure.
George Michael: I’m sorry about what I said at the school. It was out of line.
Michael: I shouldn’t have poked my nose into your life.
George Michael: My life?
Michael: Well, I know that you’re growing up.
George Michael: Yeah, but, Dad, you’re like the most important part of my life.
Michael: That’s a little cornball.
George Michael: I don’t mind.
Michael: I don’t mind either, buddy.
George Michael: Watch it.
Michael: Mother of God! Oh! Every damn time!
George Michael: Here.
Michael: This is a big one. Oh!
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Tobias gets a review of his Shakespeare play...
Tobias: I didn’t get into this business to please sophomore Tracy Schwartzman, so... onward and upward. On...
... moments later.
Tobias: (Crying.) Why, Tracy?! Why?!  
Narrator: ... and Buster is back where he belongs.
Buster: Mom!
Lucille: What is it?!
Buster: I can’t get down. 
Narrator: Michael Bluth arrived home to find the rental car his sister Lindsay had promised to return.
Michael: Lindsay, you have to cut back on everything. Okay? I’m even selling the corporate jet.
Lindsay: Great, so now we don’t have a car or a jet? Why don’t we just take an ad out in I’m Poor magazine?  
Michael: Look, I’m trying to get development started. All right? I’ve got six guys on bulldozers waiting to get under way.
Lindsay: Bulldozing?
Michael: Yeah.
Lindsay: Well, what about the trees?
Michael: Oh, we’re just gonna cover them with blankets.
Michael: I’m ripping them out.
Lindsay: Anything for a buck, right? You are so materialistic.
Michael: Don’t suddenly turn this into one of your causes.
Lindsay: It’s not sudden, Michael. I’ve always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest?
Michael: I’ll never forget your wedding.  
Lindsay: I care deeply for nature.
Michael: You’re wearing ostrich-skin boots.
Lindsay: Well, I don’t care about ostriches.  
G.O.B.: You’re looking at a desperate man, Michael.
Michael: Do you need money?
G.O.B.: What I need is freedom. Marta is being interviewed today on TV about her show "El Amor Prohibido". I mean, it’s bad enough that I gotta go to the awards show tomorrow night. Today I gotta stand next to her like I’m Rita Wilson.
Narrator: G.O.B.’s girlfriend Marta had been nominated for a “Daytime Desi,” the award given for excellence in Spanish daytime television.
Michael: G.O.B., you’ve found a woman who believes in you. You should make a commitment to her because life is short. Listen to me. I would give anything to be able to have that again, you know?
Michael: A family. Nothing else matters.
Lucille: Michael?
Michael: It’s Mom. Hide.
G.O.B.: You brought up money earlier I actually would like to borrow some.
Michael: No.
Lucille: Michael?
G.O.B.: He’s in here, Mom.
Michael: Come on. What are you doing? No way. That’s mine.
G.O.B.: Give it to me.
Lucille: G.O.B., wait, I need those tickets. He promised me tickets to his girlfriend’s award show.
Michael: You’re going to that thing?
Lucille: Well, my dear friend, Lucille Austero, is part-owner of a television station and I want to show up and hold my head high. I may not have her money anymore, but at least I have a live husband.
Michael: She’s lucky to have you as a friend.  
Michael: Buster.
Buster: Hey, brother. Mom said you could tie this for me.
Lucille: Make it long so Buster doesn’t seem so... round.
Michael: Come here, pal.
Buster: Thanks.
Michael: What have you guys got, a big date?
Buster: Well... we’re not dating.
Michael: Nonetheless, come here, shouldn’t Buster be spending his evenings with women that aren’t so much... his mother?
Lucille: He’s a beautiful boy. They don’t appreciate him. It’s his glasses. They make him look like a lizard. Plus he’s self-conscious.  
Michael: Gee, I wonder why?
Lucille: You’re one to talk.
Lucille: When’s the last time you went on a date?
Michael: I just haven’t met anybody who’s not completely self-absorbed and impossible to have a conversation with.
Lucille: If that’s a veiled criticism about me, I won’t hear it and I won’t respond to it.  
Michael: Hmm. Maybe I’m wrong.
Narrator: Later that day, Michael finalized the sale of the corporate jet and was also able to solve the family’s transportation problem.
Lindsay: I am not riding in that thing.
Michael: Well, we sold the jet What am I going to do? Besides, Lindsay, it’s not like you’re materialistic. Well, then, it’s all yours.
Michael: Watch out for bridges and hop-ons. You’re going to get some hop-ons.  
Narrator: And Michael was finally prepared to begin the next phase of the family business.
John Beard: We go to Trisha Thoon for more.
Trisha Thoon: An activist known as Johnny Bark has taken residence in this beloved tree, and refuses to come down. What is he protesting? The expansion of high-cost, low-quality mini-mansions, like this one here.
Michael: You got to be kidding me.
Narrator: Michael met with his sister about the activist in the tree.
Lindsay: You want me to get him out?
Michael: Come on, it’s one tree. Listen, after we get that lot cleared, we’re going to have enough money for you to neuter thousands of animals. You can make dogs and cats a complete thing of the past. No more dogs and cats. And we will have enough money for me to replace the stair car with a normal car.
Lindsay: I’ll do it for the cats.  
Narrator: Meanwhile, Marta’s interview was underway and G.O.B. was getting uncomfortable playing the supportive role.
Marta: I just told them that we are this family now, and that a career is one thing, but family is forever.
G.O.B.: I, too, have an announcement to make. To prove that no prison can hold me, I will incarcerate myself in the penitentiary that holds my own father, only to escape 24 hours later. No shackles can hold these hands. Say that to them in Spanish.  
Narrator: The next day, Michael got a call to meet G.O.B. at the prison.
Michael: You’re going into prison? I thought there was something wrong with Dad.
G.O.B.: What? No, Dad’s fine. I just saw him out there throwing a ball around with a couple of guys. Which, of course, he never did with me.
Michael: How’d you even get them to agree to this?
G.O.B.: Oh, the warden’s a fan.
(Flashback) Warden Buck: You really think you can break out of my prison?
G.O.B.: You won’t even know I was here.
Narrator: The warden was intrigued— Less about the stunt, and more about the prison beatings this brash magician was sure to receive.  
Warden Buck: Any press is good press, huh? (End Flashback) 
(Flashback) Narrator: And so, G.O.B. went about swallowing the key to prepare for his escape. (End Flashback) 
G.O.B.: Then I pass the key, bust out of prison, and into magic history. Of course, that is going to conflict with my going to the Desis with Marta.
Michael: Well, life’s a compromise. I probably would have taken her to the nice event, but, prison will be fun, too.  
G.O.B.: Thank you. I knew you’d come through.
Michael: Come through? How’d I come through? G.O.B., how’d I come through?
G.O.B.: You might want to find something a little stronger, Warden. Oh, what is your problem?
Narrator: Meanwhile, Lindsay set about fulfilling her promise to Michael.
Lindsay: Get out of our [bleep]ing tree.
Narrator: At this moment, Maeby found another opportunity to rebel.
Maeby: We have to save this tree.
George Michael: We have to.
Narrator: And George Senior was about to be surprised by his son.
George, Sr.: Keep your arm up— that’s how you get accuracy.
G.O.B.: I thought you said throwing the ball against the garage door by yourself was how you got accuracy.  
George, Sr.: G.O.B., what are you doing here?
G.O.B.: Life, Dad. I killed a guy. No. It’s just a publicity stunt. I’ll bust out of here tomorrow. Impressive, no?
George, Sr.: You idiot, you’re gonna get yourself killed.
G.O.B.: Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize there weren’t any magic fans here.
George, Sr.: Hey, White Power Bill, he’s all right.
G.O.B.: White Power Bill can’t hear you... with such dirty ears.
Little Justice: Hey, White Power Bill has dirty ears. Hey, guys. Dirty-ears Bill. Dirty-ears Bill.  
Narrator: And Michael was about to get a surprise visit of his own.
Marta: Michael?
Michael: Yes. Hi. I’m Michael.
Marta: I’m Marta.
Michael: You’re Marta?
Marta: Thank you so much for taking me to the awards. G.O.B. said he really appreciated you coming through for him.
Michael: Oh, sure. Yeah. This is how I came through, huh? Listen, Marta...
Marta: And I hope you don’t mind driving. I-I took a cab here.
Marta: I just couldn’t find my keys.
Michael: Well, my brother may have eaten them.  
Michael: Look... Um... I haven’t hired a limo or anything.
Marta: I don’t mind.
Michael: I think you might.
Lindsay: Look, I’m an activist, too, and I appreciate what you’re doing for the environment. But we’re not the only ones who destroy trees. What about beavers? You call yourself an environmentalist. Why don’t you go out and club some beavers?  
Johnny Bark: You don’t really “get” nature, do you?
Lindsay: It will be torn down— with or without you. Where are the stairs?
Narrator: Meanwhile, the Desis were under way.
Everado: ...Guillermo Ortiz, como El Raton. Pablo Dominguez, como Pepito, Felicio Colon, como Miguelito...
Narrator: And Lucille was mingling with the elite of the Latino Television Academy.
Lucille: Can I get a vodka tonic, please? I’d like a vodka tonic, please. Vodka tonic, please. A sea of waiters and no one will take a drink order.  
Narrator: Buster was also mingling, but at Lucille’s insistence, wasn’t wearing his glasses.
Buster: ¿Como estoy? Exciting night.  
Narrator: And Lucille Bluth crossed paths with Lucille Austero.
Lucille 2: Lucille? Lucille! Aren’t you something? Showing up here without your husband. Shame be damned. Caution to the wind.
Lucille: That’s so sweet, darling. I’m here to support you. You’re the one who’s all alone and likely to stay that way. My husband’s just a phone call away.
Lucille 2: That’s one call per day, isn’t it? Gee, I should think he’d want to save that for his lawyer.
Lucille: At least he’s in prison, not an urn.  
Lucille 2: You are so deliciously witty.
Lucille: Oh, aren’t we having fun?
Narrator: The other Lucille also suffers from severe vertigo.
Narrator: Lucille Austero, meanwhile, perhaps because she’d never seen him without his glasses, first took notice of Buster. Buster, however, failed to notice her and she sent him a proposition.
Waiter #2: Excuse me, sir. This is for you.
Narrator: Finally Marta’s category was announced.
Everado: Y el Desi va a... Sandra Elena Higuera!
Michael: Marta. Hey... I’m sorry. You really deserved to win in there. Did you win? I don’t speak Spanish...
Marta: It’s not about the award. It’s crazy, but I thought it would make G.O.B. proud...
Michael: I’m sure in his own way...
Marta: No, I just think he doesn’t understand family. You know? Commitment. But those are the only things that matter in life.
Narrator: At that moment, Michael realized that this was the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen, and for the first time since he lost his wife, he wanted someone. At the same moment, G.O.B. was ready to retrieve the key to execute his escape.
G.O.B.: Is there a private bathroom nearby?
George, Sr.: You’re looking at it.
G.O.B.: No, no, no. I can’t use that. I need privacy. Yeah, I’ve always been that way. I can’t go without privacy. I can’t pass this key without privacy.
George, Sr.: Well, I could ask the guys to leave, but, uh... you know, they’ve been locking the doors lately. I don’t know.
G.O.B.: I’ve made a huge mistake.  
Narrator: Michael was having a wonderful time with Marta and didn’t want the evening to end, while Lindsay was bonding with the man in the tree.
Johnny Bark: You have no idea what it’s like to save a living thing.
Lindsay: For your information, I do. My husband Tobias and I used to do this kind of thing all the time. I guess that’s why I was so attracted to him. He was a serious and committed advocate for change.
Johnny Bark: Where is he now?
Lindsay: He’s at a weekend stage-fighting workshop with Carl Weathers.  
Lindsay: But he used to believe in things. We both used to.
Michael: Sorry, Lindsay. I didn’t realize you were up there.
Lindsay: Oh, I’m up here, Mike. And I’m not coming down. I’m going to save this tree, no matter what it takes!
Michael: Okay. I’ll see you when you realize what that bucket’s for.
George Michael: You know, I can see why your mom likes it. It is a really nice tree...
Maeby: We’ve got to get it torn down.
George Michael: ...that must die. Stupid tree.
Lucille: Buster’s out of control!
Michael: What, another panic attack?
Buster: Me? No. She’s just wigged out because I have a girlfriend.
Lucille: A waiter hands him a note, suddenly he’s Steve McQueen.
Lucille: He doesn’t even know what she looks like.
Buster: I know she’s a brownish area. With points. And I know I love her!  
Lucille: I’m calling Dr. Miller.
Buster: Okay, I don’t know I love her. But I cannot tell you how liberating it is to be with someone who’s not Mom... who’s nothing like her.
Michael: Yeah, and you’re just jumping right into this, huh?
Buster: Oh, yes, yes. That’s what you do when life hands you a chance to be with someone special. You just grab that... that brownish area by its points and you don’t let go no matter what your mom says.  
Michael: Good talk.
Phone ringing.
Michael: Hello?
G.O.B.: Michael! Change of escape plans. I unplugged the ice cream sandwich machine and the guards are all eating them before they get too melty, so I’ve got like a half an hour. Meet me at the south prison wall and bring the stairs.
Narrator: Michael knew he had an obligation to his brother.
G.O.B.: Michael!
Michael: Hey, G.O.B.!
G.O.B.: Where the hell are the stairs?
Michael: Oh, I thought you were kidding.
Michael: Hey, speaking of kidding, How serious are you about Marta? I get the sense that there’s not much of a future there. Am I reading that right?
G.O.B.: Let me ask you something. How would you feel if I came down on you hard?
Michael: You’re saying I’m not reading this right.
G.O.B.: No, I’m saying move the bike. I need to jump on you to break my fall.  
Michael: G.O.B., don’t be an idiot. Don’t jump on me.
G.O.B.: No, I have to. Come on. Stop moving.
Michael: Come on, don’t jump on me.
Narrator: The guards soon became concerned about the paperwork that would be required of them if G.O.B. actually did jump.
G.O.B.: You’re making this very, very difficult. Oh, God... this is personal.
Michael: G.O.B.! G.O.B.! Good talk.
G.O.B.: I’m a complete failure.
George, Sr.: Where’d you get that kind of talk?
G.O.B.: From you. You always say that about me.  
George, Sr.: Well, maybe you’re not entirely to blame. I haven’t always been the best kind of father either.
G.O.B.: Dad, you’ve done a pretty good job of being a father to everybody in here. What have they got that I don’t? I mean. you’ve never even... thrown a ball around with me.
George, Sr.: Great. Now you’re an athlete.  
Narrator: Lindsay left the tree to sleep in her own bed. And Johnny Bark left the tree to awaken her.
Johnny Bark: So, Lindsay... I was thinking...
Lindsay: Johnny Bark?!
Johnny Bark: I want to be with you, Lindsay. And I know you want to be with me, too.
Lindsay: No, I don’t.
Johnny Bark: But... all the things you said about commitment and believing in things. That’s the way I feel.
Lindsay: Johnny, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to lead you on. I think you’re gross.
Lindsay: Uh-oh.
Johnny Bark: My tree. That’s why you never get out of the tree.
Narrator: And G.O.B. was about to get a reason to stay in prison.
George, Sr.: You all right?
G.O.B.: Not great.
George, Sr.: Maybe this will help.
Narrator: And for the first time, G.O.B. had the game of catch with his father he’d been waiting for his whole life.
George, Sr.: Okay, ready? Put your mitt up. There you go.
White Power Bill: White Power!
G.O.B.: I’m... white.  
Narrator: And Michael decided to share his feelings with Marta.
Marta: Michael.
Michael: Marta. I’m not really quite sure how to say this, but, uh...
Phone ringing.
Michael: Uh, I had a great time last night.
Marta: I did, too.
Michael: And, um...
Ringing continues.
Michael: We’re so in synch on so many things, and, uh, I... You guys don’t have a machine, huh?
Ringing continues.
Marta: I’m sorry. (Into telephone.) Hello.
Marta: Oh, my God! G.O.B. has been stabbed in the back.
G.O.B.: Am I still in prison?
Lucille: You’re in the hospital.
G.O.B.: Ta-da.  
Narrator: Meanwhile, Buster was waiting in the hallway.
Lucille 2: Buster?
Buster: Miss Austero. What... what are you doing here?
Lucille 2: A touch of the dizzies.
Buster: Oh.
Lucille 2: So, listen, Buster, have you given any, uh... thought to my offer?
Buster: I’m sorry. What?
Lucille 2: Well, I mean, my phone hasn’t made a peep.
Buster: Has your hair always been that pointy, Miss Austero?  
Lucille 2: It’s Lucille.
Buster: Right, right. That’s my mom’s name.
Lucille 2: (Laughing.) Yes.
Buster: Oh, God.
Lucille 2: Buster? Hel... I’m all right. I’m all right...
Lucille: He’s fine. I’ll be in the hospital bar.
Michael: Uh, you know there isn’t a hospital bar, Mother.
Lucille: Well, this is why people hate hospitals.  
G.O.B.: You were right, Michael. Life is too short. Mine almost ended today. So, I think I’m going to work things out with Marta.
Michael: You are, huh? Boy, that’s, uh... That’s great.
G.O.B.: Hmm, you know what’s funny? I was going to walk out of that prison last night and break up with her. Good thing you didn’t bring the stairs, huh?
Michael: Hmm, very funny. Yeah, it’s hysterical. I’m lucky. Hey.
Marta: Can I come in now?
Michael: Yeah, sure. He’s fine.
Marta: Listen... I really appreciate you... helping me out last night.
Michael: Well, you know, you’ve got to put family first. That’s the stupid thing that I believe.
G.O.B.: Hey, you two keep on talking out there I’m going to start getting jealous.
Marta: I was really worried about you.
G.O.B.: You’ve got nothing to worry about. We’re going to be together for a long time.
Marta: We’re a family now. I am so happy. I’m going to call the kids.
G.O.B.: I’ve made a huge mistake.
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, G.O.B. learns how he survived his stabbing.
Surgeon: Looks like the shiv would have done some real damage if it hadn’t been for this. It was in your lower intestine.
G.O.B.: So close.
Narrator: And Buster makes a bold move.
Lucille 2: Buster.
Buster: Let’s go for it. 
